DEPRECATION_NOTICE.md, before:

# 🚨 DEPRECATION NOTICE: Case Name Extraction Functions

## Overview
All 47+ case name extraction functions have been **DEPRECATED** and replaced with **ONE unified function**.

## ✅ What to Use Instead

### **NEW: Unified Case Name Extractor V2**
```python
from src.unified_case_name_extractor_v2 import get_unified_extractor

# Get the unified extractor
extractor = get_unified_extractor()

# Extract case name and date
result = extractor.extract_case_name_and_date(
    text=document_text,
    citation=citation_text,
    debug=True  # Enable detailed logging
)

# Access results
case_name = result.case_name
date = result.date
year = result.year
confidence = result.confidence
method = result.method
strategy = result.strategy.value
```

### **Backward Compatibility Functions**
```python
from src.unified_case_name_extractor_v2 import extract_case_name_and_date_unified

# This still works but shows deprecation warnings
result = extract_case_name_and_date_unified(text, citation)
```

## ❌ DEPRECATED FUNCTIONS (DO NOT USE)

### **case_name_extraction_core.py (47+ functions)**
- `extract_case_name_precise()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_with_date_adjacency()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_from_complex_citation()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_from_context_enhanced()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_global_search()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_from_text()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_hinted()` → Use unified extractor
- `_extract_case_name_precise_boundary()` → Use unified extractor
- `_extract_case_name_simple_boundary()` → Use unified extractor
- `_extract_case_name()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_from_citation_volume()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_and_date()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_only()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_triple_comprehensive()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_triple()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_improved()` → Use unified extractor
- **And 30+ more functions...**

### **enhanced_sync_processor.py**
- `_extract_case_name_local()` → Use unified extractor

### **enhanced_clustering.py**
- `_extract_case_name()` → Use unified extractor

### **unified_citation_processor_v2.py**
- `_extract_case_name_from_context()` → Use unified extractor
- `_extract_case_name_candidates()` → Use unified extractor
- `_clean_extracted_case_name()` → Use unified extractor

### **standalone_citation_parser.py**
- `_extract_case_name_from_context()` → Use unified extractor
- `_extract_just_case_name()` → Use unified extractor

### **citation_extractor.py**
- `_extract_case_name_from_context()` → Use unified extractor

### **unified_case_name_extractor.py**
- `extract_case_name_and_date()` → Use unified extractor V2
- `_extract_case_name_unified()` → Use unified extractor V2
- `_extract_fallback_case_name()` → Use unified extractor V2

## 🔧 Migration Guide

### **Before (Old Way)**
```python
# Multiple different functions with inconsistent results
from src.case_name_extraction_core import extract_case_name_precise
from src.enhanced_sync_processor import _extract_case_name_local
from src.unified_citation_processor_v2 import _extract_case_name_from_context

# Different results from different functions
case_name_1 = extract_case_name_precise(context, citation)
case_name_2 = _extract_case_name_local(text, citation)
case_name_3 = _extract_case_name_from_context(text, citation_obj)
```

### **After (New Way)**
```python
# One unified function with consistent results
from src.unified_case_name_extractor_v2 import get_unified_extractor

extractor = get_unified_extractor()
result = extractor.extract_case_name_and_date(text, citation)

# Consistent, high-quality results
case_name = result.case_name
confidence = result.confidence
method = result.method
```

## 🎯 Benefits of the New Unified Extractor

1. **Consistent Results**: No more case name truncation or inconsistent extraction
2. **Better Quality**: Uses the best patterns from all 47+ functions
3. **Performance**: Optimized with caching and intelligent strategy selection
4. **Maintainability**: Single codebase instead of 47+ scattered functions
5. **Debugging**: Comprehensive logging and validation
6. **Flexibility**: Configurable extraction strategies

## 🚀 Features

- **Multiple Strategies**: Volume-based, context-based, pattern-based, global search, fallback
- **Intelligent Context Windows**: 800-1000 character windows for comprehensive coverage
- **Consistent Regex Patterns**: All patterns use the corrected, non-truncating versions
- **Confidence Scoring**: Each result includes confidence and validation scores
- **Performance Optimization**: Caching and compiled regex patterns
- **Comprehensive Validation**: Multiple validation rules to ensure quality
- **Detailed Debugging**: Extensive logging for troubleshooting

## 📝 Example Usage

```python
from src.unified_case_name_extractor_v2 import get_unified_extractor, ExtractionStrategy

extractor = get_unified_extractor()

# Extract with all strategies
result = extractor.extract_case_name_and_date(text, citation, debug=True)

# Extract with specific strategies only
result = extractor.extract_case_name_and_date(
    text=text,
    citation=citation,
    strategies=[ExtractionStrategy.VOLUME_BASED, ExtractionStrategy.CONTEXT_BASED]
)

# Access comprehensive results
print(f"Case Name: {result.case_name}")
print(f"Date: {result.date}")
print(f"Year: {result.year}")
print(f"Confidence: {result.confidence:.2f}")
print(f"Method: {result.method}")
print(f"Strategy: {result.strategy.value}")
print(f"Validation Errors: {result.validation_errors}")
print(f"Debug Info: {result.debug_info}")
```

## ⚠️ Important Notes

1. **All old functions will show deprecation warnings**
2. **Old functions will eventually be removed in future versions**
3. **Migrate to the new unified extractor as soon as possible**
4. **The new extractor provides better results and performance**
5. **Report any issues with the new extractor for immediate fixes**

## 🔍 Testing

Run the test script to verify the new extractor works:
```bash
python test_unified_extractor.py
```

This will test all the problematic cases that were causing truncation in the old system.

Commit message:

FIX: Handle nested result structure in task_status endpoint
CRITICAL BUG FIX: Worker returns nested result structure but endpoint expected flat structure.

ISSUE:
- Worker finds 72 clusters with citations
- Task status returns 0 citations/clusters
- Frontend sees empty results

ROOT CAUSE:
Worker returns:
{
  'success': True,
  'task_id': 'xxx',
  'status': 'completed',
  'result': {
    'citations': [...],  # <-- HERE!
    'clusters': [...]
  }
}

Task status endpoint was looking for:
{
  'citations': [...],  # <-- NOT HERE!
  'clusters': [...]
}

SOLUTION:
Extract nested 'result' key before accessing citations/clusters:
  actual_result = result.get('result', result)
  citations = actual_result.get('citations', [])

TESTING:
✅ Worker logs show 72 clusters found
✅ New logging shows result keys: ['success', 'task_id', 'status', 'result']
✅ This fix extracts from result['result']['citations']

Expected: Citations will now appear in frontend!

DEPRECATION_NOTICE.md, after:

# 🚨 DEPRECATION NOTICE - Citation Extraction Methods

## Effective Date: Session Complete

The following extraction methods are **DEPRECATED** and replaced by the clean extraction pipeline.

## ✅ What to Use Instead

### **NEW: Unified Case Name Extractor V2**
```python
from src.unified_case_name_extractor_v2 import get_unified_extractor

# Get the unified extractor
extractor = get_unified_extractor()

# Extract case name and date
result = extractor.extract_case_name_and_date(
    text=document_text,
    citation=citation_text,
    debug=True  # Enable detailed logging
)

# Access results
case_name = result.case_name
date = result.date
year = result.year
confidence = result.confidence
method = result.method
strategy = result.strategy.value
```

### **Backward Compatibility Functions**
```python
from src.unified_case_name_extractor_v2 import extract_case_name_and_date_unified

# This still works but shows deprecation warnings
result = extract_case_name_and_date_unified(text, citation)
```

## ❌ DEPRECATED FUNCTIONS (DO NOT USE)

### **case_name_extraction_core.py (47+ functions)**
- `extract_case_name_precise()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_with_date_adjacency()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_from_complex_citation()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_from_context_enhanced()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_global_search()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_from_text()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_hinted()` → Use unified extractor
- `_extract_case_name_precise_boundary()` → Use unified extractor
- `_extract_case_name_simple_boundary()` → Use unified extractor
- `_extract_case_name()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_from_citation_volume()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_and_date()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_only()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_triple_comprehensive()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_triple()` → Use unified extractor
- `extract_case_name_improved()` → Use unified extractor
- **And 30+ more functions...**

### **enhanced_sync_processor.py**
- `_extract_case_name_local()` → Use unified extractor

### **enhanced_clustering.py**
- `_extract_case_name()` → Use unified extractor

### **unified_citation_processor_v2.py**
- `_extract_case_name_from_context()` → Use unified extractor
- `_extract_case_name_candidates()` → Use unified extractor
- `_clean_extracted_case_name()` → Use unified extractor

### **standalone_citation_parser.py**
- `_extract_case_name_from_context()` → Use unified extractor
- `_extract_just_case_name()` → Use unified extractor

### **citation_extractor.py**
- `_extract_case_name_from_context()` → Use unified extractor

### **unified_case_name_extractor.py**
- `extract_case_name_and_date()` → Use unified extractor V2
- `_extract_case_name_unified()` → Use unified extractor V2
- `_extract_fallback_case_name()` → Use unified extractor V2

## 🔧 Migration Guide

### **Before (Old Way)**
```python
# Multiple different functions with inconsistent results
from src.case_name_extraction_core import extract_case_name_precise
from src.enhanced_sync_processor import _extract_case_name_local
from src.unified_citation_processor_v2 import _extract_case_name_from_context

# Different results from different functions
case_name_1 = extract_case_name_precise(context, citation)
case_name_2 = _extract_case_name_local(text, citation)
case_name_3 = _extract_case_name_from_context(text, citation_obj)
```

### **After (New Way)**
```python
# One unified function with consistent results
from src.unified_case_name_extractor_v2 import get_unified_extractor

extractor = get_unified_extractor()
result = extractor.extract_case_name_and_date(text, citation)

# Consistent, high-quality results
case_name = result.case_name
confidence = result.confidence
method = result.method
```

## 🎯 Benefits of the New Unified Extractor

1. **Consistent Results**: No more case name truncation or inconsistent extraction
2. **Better Quality**: Uses the best patterns from all 47+ functions
3. **Performance**: Optimized with caching and intelligent strategy selection
4. **Maintainability**: Single codebase instead of 47+ scattered functions
5. **Debugging**: Comprehensive logging and validation
6. **Flexibility**: Configurable extraction strategies

## 🚀 Features

- **Multiple Strategies**: Volume-based, context-based, pattern-based, global search, fallback
- **Intelligent Context Windows**: 800-1000 character windows for comprehensive coverage
- **Consistent Regex Patterns**: All patterns use the corrected, non-truncating versions
- **Confidence Scoring**: Each result includes confidence and validation scores
- **Performance Optimization**: Caching and compiled regex patterns
- **Comprehensive Validation**: Multiple validation rules to ensure quality
- **Detailed Debugging**: Extensive logging for troubleshooting

## 📝 Example Usage

```python
from src.unified_case_name_extractor_v2 import get_unified_extractor, ExtractionStrategy

extractor = get_unified_extractor()

# Extract with all strategies
result = extractor.extract_case_name_and_date(text, citation, debug=True)

# Extract with specific strategies only
result = extractor.extract_case_name_and_date(
    text=text,
    citation=citation,
    strategies=[ExtractionStrategy.VOLUME_BASED, ExtractionStrategy.CONTEXT_BASED]
)

# Access comprehensive results
print(f"Case Name: {result.case_name}")
print(f"Date: {result.date}")
print(f"Year: {result.year}")
print(f"Confidence: {result.confidence:.2f}")
print(f"Method: {result.method}")
print(f"Strategy: {result.strategy.value}")
print(f"Validation Errors: {result.validation_errors}")
print(f"Debug Info: {result.debug_info}")
```

## ⚠️ Important Notes

1. **All old functions will show deprecation warnings**
2. **Old functions will eventually be removed in future versions**
3. **Migrate to the new unified extractor as soon as possible**
4. **The new extractor provides better results and performance**
5. **Report any issues with the new extractor for immediate fixes**

## 🔍 Testing

Run the test script to verify the new extractor works:
```bash
python test_unified_extractor.py
```

This will test all the problematic cases that were causing truncation in the old system.
